README.md, before:

# spot-lisp
A Common Lisp client for reading location data from the public findmespot.com API.

Fill in the value for \*glld\* (which is supplied by the Spot web page
when you create a shared page), the value for \*feedpassword\* (if you
supplied one for the shared page), and the Google Geocoder API key (if
you want to be able to do reverse geocoding).  If you don't have a
password for your shared location page, set the \*feedpassword\* to
nil (not "nil").

Start the reader thread with (start-spot).  This will update the
\*spots\* variable with a list of the last fifty location objects,
updating the list every 2.5 minutes (the maximum update rate allowed
by the free API).  There's a mutex lock for \*spots\* called
\*spots-lock\*, which it's wise to use when accessing
\*spots\* (but technically not mandatory).

If you want to sit and watch the position data roll in, run
(show-spots).  This will start an endless loop that updates every time
new data shows up. In addition, all current spot location data will be
written to a file with the current time and date as the file name. At
some point, I'll make the code smart enough to only keep track of the
deltas, but I need this to work **right now**, so I'm cutting corners.
I'll fix it later, I promise.

You can also save this program as a compiled binary by calling
(make-executable).  This calls save-lisp-and-die, which requires that
no other threads are running (ie, it'll fail if you've already called
(start-spot) or you're running this code under slime).  The compiled
binary, called "spots" will be run with the parameters specified in
the code, and will read the maximum amount of data available via the
Spot API, then dump that to a file with the time and date of the
newest spot location as a file name.

I'm also planning to add the ability to read the creds from a file,
and the ability to run this from cron, where it just grabs the latest
data and appends any deltas (ie, new spots) to a running log file.

That's it.  Plain and simple.  Obviously, you can do far more with the
information than simply display it, but this solves my specific
problem quickly and easily.  It could probably do with more error
detection (for network errors, or for lat/lon combinations that fail
to reverse geocode properly), but it's good enough for now.

Feel free to use and adapt.

Commit message:

Added the ability to write KML files.

README.md, after:

# spot-lisp
A Common Lisp client for reading location data from the public findmespot.com API.

Fill in the value for \*glld\* (which is supplied by the Spot web page
when you create a shared page), the value for \*feedpassword\* (if you
supplied one for the shared page), and the Google Geocoder API key (if
you want to be able to do reverse geocoding).  If you don't have a
password for your shared location page, set the \*feedpassword\* to
nil (not "nil").

Start the reader thread with (start-spot).  This will update the
\*spots\* variable with a list of the last fifty location objects,
updating the list every 2.5 minutes (the maximum update rate allowed
by the free API).  There's a mutex lock for \*spots\* called
\*spots-lock\*, which it's wise to use when accessing
\*spots\* (but technically not mandatory).

If you want to sit and watch the position data roll in, run
(show-spots).  This will start an endless loop that updates every time
new data shows up. In addition, all current spot location data will be
written to a file with the current time and date as the file name. At
some point, I'll make the code smart enough to only keep track of the
deltas, but I need this to work **right now**, so I'm cutting corners.
I'll fix it later, I promise.

A KML file of the spots can be created by calling the function
write-kml-file with the file name and list of spots. This file can be
loaded in Google Earth.  For example: (write-kml-file "my-trip.kml"
*spots*)

You can also save this program as a compiled binary by calling
(make-executable).  This calls save-lisp-and-die, which requires that
no other threads are running (ie, it'll fail if you've already called
(start-spot) or you're running this code under slime).  The compiled
binary, called "spots" will be run with the parameters specified in
the code, and will read the maximum amount of data available via the
Spot API, then dump that to a file with the time and date of the
newest spot location as a file name.

I'm also planning to add the ability to read the creds from a file,
and the ability to run this from cron, where it just grabs the latest
data and appends any deltas (ie, new spots) to a running log file.

That's it.  Plain and simple.  Obviously, you can do far more with the
information than simply display it, but this solves my specific
problem quickly and easily.  It could probably do with more error
detection (for network errors, or for lat/lon combinations that fail
to reverse geocode properly), but it's good enough for now.

Feel free to use and adapt.
